yo what is going on guys it's your boy
Dobbs here breathing as a brand new NHL
15 news video for you guys that is right
and many you guys are asking jobs why
we're releasing NHL 15 news this year
you did for 14 the reason why I didn't
do for this year guys is because I
really didn't feel the need to and why
say that is because I didn't think
they'd change too much aside from the
graphics and a couple of touchups
nothing really game playing mechanical
wise and I felt 13 of 14 brought a lot
more so that's why I covered that I
didn't really cover it this year like i
said but i'd like to cover stuff like
pre-order offers you know when the demos
coming out which is this video and we'll
get to that very shortly and stuff like
that right so i felt the need to do that
type of update and i'm bringing you guys
at right now before we get into the
video i like to give a huge show to my
sponsor at hot puck traders you guys can
use the code dobbs at checkout for five
percent off your halt your hockey
ultimate team pox are very low in price
right now if you guys are still playing
hockey ultimate team since it's the end
of an age of fourteen fifteen three
around the corner um pox are at an
all-time low so if you guys want to
scoop some for some pack openings and
stuff like that head on over to hotpot
chairs calm so and now that's out of the
way let's get into the video guys the
NHL 15 demo is confirmed so a lot of
people really didn't even think there's
gonna be a demo mainly because that
madden didn't have a demo i think it was
cancelled so lot of that led to a lot of
people to believe that angel 15 wasn't
have a demo but they really don't
correlate and i knew that from the start
so i knew what to expect and what do you
know we finally got the demo so let's
get right into it guys so the angel 15
demo will be available in north america
and europe on august 26 for the xbox one
and playstation 4 step on today ice is
either the New York Rangers or stanley
cup champions los angeles kings play a
full game with three two minute periods
inside a packed madison square garden or
staples center experience the game from
a new perspective with an all new
dynamic love
dynamic medium and denied a dynamic high
gameplay cameras so that's pretty cool
we got three brand new cameras I was
always good to have more camera angles
and more option so it's really good to
see leather eyeing more variety and just
adapt in different players like you know
some people would like to have it higher
up some people like to have a lower and
it's just cool to have more options so
that's really good to see and yours also
a brand new screenshot it's not like in
game for anything but that's a nice
screenshot to look at the graphics look
really good and they've been nailing it
man it looks really good i really like
the how they brought to life it's a
looks amazing i can't wait to get my
hands on it also if you're new to the
NHL franchise or just won't work on the
mastering the super stud the super skill
stick jump to the demos practice mode
for a free skate against a goalie so I'm
really glad that they have the free
skate it looks like it's only gonna be
free skate and verses or not vs. plane
out i always say vs it's only going to
be an offline play a play now mode and a
practice mode which is pretty good last
year we had hut as well we got a little
taste of what it looked like and stuff
like that how packs like crack what they
look like you know just the basic layout
of hockey ultimate team but it looks
like we only have practice mode and all
are offline place so that's fine for me
I like practice mode that's basically
where I play you know just to get the
Deeks down learning the whole new skill
sticks and all that so I really I'm
really glad that they can't practice
mode and you guys can have different
saves you guys can play on rookie Pro
and all-stars so that's nothing new that
was an angel 1413 you know what it's
been them demo so nothing special but
guys it's confirmed there is an NHL 15
demo once again is coming in August 26
and is coming up for the xbox one and
the PlayStation 4 so I don't believe
this can be coming out for the 360 and
the ps3 so it really does suck for the
360 and the ps3 users but you never know
always give it a check you never know um
but it's most likely going to be just
for the next generation consoles so if
you guys have a next-generation console
you're in luck so hopefully you guys
enjoyed the video let me know in the
comments if you guys excited for the
h/o 15 demo what types of videos would
you like to see would you guys like to
see some geeking tutorials from me
because I will be grinding that demo out
for a long time just like I did with the
14 demo so I'm going to very active let
me know in the comments guys and i'll be
reading every single comment so I'm
feedback is very much needed once again
guys hopefully you guys enjoy the video
and be sure to like comment subscribe
guys for more age of 14 and 15 videos
eyes right guys peace artists attention
got me high got the life baby this ain't
only for the night baby this is like oh
this is where I'm taking flight and
never touching down set it now they know
I'm man and when I say we run it